SMPS Consultancy provide a good opportunity to empployee in varities of sector whcich build theit intrest level with work life balance.
As a consultant we help organisations to solve issues, create value, make improvements and identify opportunities to maximise growth and business performance. 
In a globalisation, new technology, evolving business trends and changes in regulation/legislation,we are there who providing multi-disciplinary teams which can offer solutions to complex and novel problems. 

Carrer Page-
We are looking for best talent which we can outsource to our wellknown clients to fullfill thiers requirments with employees need.
Join our growing team & contribute to worldwide employers.


We Are supportive-
We help employers to identify staff as per their needs and help individuals find and gain appropriate employment.

Offer Good Opportunity-
We offer best opportunities to employees which sustain their professtional growth. 

We Treat With Resepct-
Your work life balance will be always maintain with us and you will always treated with respect & intigrety. We will try to fullfill your personal and professtional needs as possible as we can.

SMRC deliver a highly professional recruitment service to a large number of leading businesses.

We are very proud of our exceptional customer service, which is tailored specifically to our clients’ individual needs and we believe that our innovative working approach means we consistently deliver the results that count.

We would be happy to answer any questions you and will endeavour to live up to our values and deliver against those that are important to you

We would like to serve you & will be happy to take chance, to fulfill your recuitment needs and will do all we can to demonstrate our ability to deliver the services you require.

support.services@uk.cdw.com , payables@uk.cdw.com

Hello Team,
About Nov-2019:

Standrard Work- Invoice No-574(20 Days)- We confirmed number of worked days in Nov-2019 are 20 days.
Overtime/On Call- Invoice No-573-Please confirm that you have receieved invoice which we have already sent with cleinttimesheet. We are waiting for payment.
About Dec-2019 Invoice : We have already sent you standard work invoice couple of time & OT/OnCall invoice one time.
Standrard Work- Invoice No - 575(15 Days)-MSPS Timehseet & Invoice
Overtime/On Call- Invoice No- 578 Client Timesheet & Invoice
We didnt send ClientTimesheet because as per changed policy of Santander. There is not required cleintimehseet for standard work hrs. Regarding any details please contact santandar.
We have been sending invoice on this email id's since begining -support.services@uk.cdw.com , payables@uk.cdw.com , whcih are picked up. Please let us know if any email id has changed.

Thank You!

